hello to all today a short
video to introduce you to one of
new features that will make it sound
appearance at version 9.5
I want to talk here about missions
individual then you will tell me
as his individual issue and well
it's simply a series
of objectives to achieve in each
tank class ie it is
the light tanks the medium tanks the
heavy tanks the chasseurs de charroux
the artillery once you'll
completed all the steps in each of
these classes
you can unlock four vehicles
which will then appear in your garage
ready to be played then the four
vehicles in question are first of all
the stock 4 then the tea 28 gigs the
tea 55 ha and finally the object of 160
so we have a two thirds tank 5 h art of
shots this auction of shots 9 and richard
firing 10 to win simply by
fulfilling objectives
the first thing to note is that you
will not be able to get the second quarter
time you will not get the
first is that you will not be able
get the third time
would not have got the 2nd etc etc
it's a progressive unlock the csars
once being unlocked allows the
beginning of the mission by leading to
next tanks you will have access to these
individual missions in the game in
going into the tab or currently getting
also find the different small
ongoing assignments like for example the
weekend missions where the broadcast of the
week you will have the coast and 17 of
tabs of traditional missions
a campaign tab that will allow you to
see the four tanks that you can
try to get when you arrive
on the campaign tab you can
notice the four silhouettes of
tanks unlocked the only the first
being currently available for
do the show down you have five
locations that will indicate the steps
that you currently have active and
so what you need to know for everyone
the sharks you can get through the
individual missions is that for
each one of them fifteen
assignments in each class
fifteen missions for light tanks 15
missions for mediums 15 missions
for the heavy ones etc etc then everything
you simply have to complete the
fifteen missions in four of the five
categories to unlock the tank at
every time you complete the 15th
mission of a lot for example if you
do the fifteen missions of the tanks
light when you accomplish the
last you will get four tokens
5 if you succeed in doing the mission
primary secondary mission of the 15th
step to unlock a tank thanks to
steps you will need 20 chips
so how do you hold your chips
it's simple you get
tokens every time you do the
15th step of each category for
a tank for example if you do the
15th stage of the light tanks
you will unlock four tokens if you
pass the conditions
primary and an extra chips if
you pass the conditions
secondary as it takes 20 tokens for
a tank the calculation is quickly done either
you do the five classes of tank
that is to say either you do the 15th
mission for artillery the mediums
cities and garlic and hunters
tanks without doing the goals
in which case it will make you
four tokens x 5 20 tokens you
to unlock the tank either
you 're missing out on one of
categories for example I do not know
you do not want to do
the artillery you do not want to
do 15 artillery missions in this
case you do the other four
classes ie light tanks
the medium tanks the heavy tanks and the
tank destroyers but against you
for each of these four places
of tanks during the last mission the
mission number 15
succeed in doing not only the goal
primary but also the goal
secondary
to summarize either you do the five
categories trying to have that the
primary goals be you do
four categories but trying
to have primary goals and
secondary on the 15th stage
so how does it work?
it's just simple
choose the mission that wanted to do
so for example if you are if you
have not started the tanks yet
light ben you choose the mission
number one and light tanks right
appears the victory conditions so
for example for light tanks the
first mission when you are on the
stock 4 the primary conditions it's
win the battle and be in the ten
best players on your team
the secondary condition is
survive the battle then you do not
can accomplish this mission only on the
shot tanks 4 at the bottom of
the tab you can see what you
will get if you succeed them
awarded conditions a secondary so there
for example for mission number one
light tanks for the stock 4
if you win the battle and you
join the top ten players from
your team will earn 50000 credit
and if in addition in the same battle you
survive you will have 25,000 credit of
bonus once you have chosen
the step you want to do you
click on start
she will then appear as being
activated if you return to the tab
previous you will see that it appears
now down below
silhouettes of the four tanks for example
there we can see light tanks number one
for the victory also reminding you
the characteristics that will have to be done
to validate it then what's needed
know that you can not validated
a mission he had not activated
so for example if you if you are
at mission 4 or 5 but you activate
not mission 4 or 5 etc during a
part you reach the goals
it will not be validated it must be activated at
the hand once it activates and the
hand in a future part if you
pass the conditions they are
worth and sheets once you have
successful one of the steps for example
step number 4 or 5 light tanks
it will come back and choose on
q father loved reward if you
do not get the rewards you
can not go to the next show
so you have to know that the missions
that you will have to fill in the different
steps go crescendo
they are becoming more difficult
the more it goes, the more the numbers are
higher than you will be asked to
to do will be I would say a challenge
so we can take an example by
example still for lost 4 the mission
heavy tanks the first is to
destroy an enemy and make at least
1000 points of damage whereas if you
look at the 15th 15th of the heavy tanks
for lust 4 you will have to make 7000
damage by adding up the damage
caused received is blocked by your armor
as you watch the battle and that
you win it so it's already another
pair of sleeves
to note also that every time you
complete one of the number 15 missions
you will gain a location of in your
barracks and a crew and a member
female crew of the fact that
twelve when you're done doing
all the missions you will have a
complete female crew at power
put in a big tank you'll notice
also on the screen the possibility of
select only missions
for one of the sharp classes
wait if you will only see posted
the cellars mission for the medium tank
here
or so if you want filtered in
function of the missions you already have
successful
the show you currently have
started and who are currently
available to be successful where the
missions for which you do not have
still asked for your reward and you
can do it you can also cash
and the show you have already succeeded in
ticking the corresponding box
so what you need to know is that these
missions even though they may seem
easy for stage IV go being of
more and more difficult missions on
the summer 28 concept will be harder
the show is 10 55 ha will be more
hard as those of the terrain you
concepts et cetera et cetera the show
for lives as an object of 160
announcing itself as being particularly
difficult and only a handful of
people on the server will succeed in
see the chariot
the stock is expected to be retained by
pretty much everyone but the more you
show fewer people will arrive at
unlock tanks then at the level of
tanks available you have the stock of
this top 4 which will therefore be a hunter of
two thirds tanks 5 the tea 28 concept that
he is a tank destroyer this
american the t 55 ha which is a medium
German fire 9 is subject to 160
who is a heavy 10 Soviet firing
for the store 4 if I had to summarize
it's just a stock 3 a little
less mobile and with the barrel
intermediates who is on the stub 3
that is to say the 40l 48 the terrain since
the concept is a tank really very
strange as you can see at by
compared to its design with a turret
that can
a good angle of rotation but small
batches lots that are pretty weak on the
side and armor that is not
exceptional he still he's also a
little bit clumsy it is a little bit of trouble neither
better mobility so to see I know
not if it will really be a beast of
war or on the contrary a tank that the
people will quickly forget in the depths of their
garage
then you have the t 50 5 to note 55 to
to engross a Russian tea 54 but in
version a little less well and in the
camp in the German camp you will notice
that he wears the emblem of la rda
since it was in rda that he was
in use
so it's going to be pretty bad it will make you a
tank to train your crews to
medium if you do for example the
branch of the leopard or the branch of
eggs 50 mc or will allow to train
your crew in peace and quiet
finally the big piece that is the object of
160 who is a jubilant clone 7 with a
a little more mobile gameplay and a little
little less resistant who has a good
rate of fire in addition that send
beautiful praline is very friendly
wargaming and if it a very good idea
as regards the missions
individual since it will allow
to offer content to people who have
already went around the game I think by
example to all people who have a
a good deal of thirds say or those
who are tired of random battles
and who was looking for something to
come back to stay on the game other
little precision like this information
are taken from the test server we do not know
not yet if it's the different
final steps that will be
necessary to accomplish to obtain the
char or if it is not going to be
still a little overhauled before
the output during version 9.5 so
for the moment, take this information
with tweezers
thank you for following me and see you soon for
a new video